How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    
You can easily find out the bug because it will show you the changes you made. So in that parts of the code the bug could be.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?


It's very useful because you can see your development through the different stages of a project until the end.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?


When you choose when to commit is better than auto-save because you will decide the right moment to do it, so the version-control would be more clear. In the other hand, if you can't decide the right moments and commit after many code changes or commit too soon with no crusial changes made, it's going to be confusing to go back and see the project's development.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    
Git is a version control system that understands the programming needs. Google Docs can have multiple uses so it has a different point of view but Git is prefered when the files are related between each other.



How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

 Git log shows you all the commits that have been for this repository with their id and the name of the commit. Git diff shows the changes made between two commits that we will choose.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

   
With the safety of version control you can try ideas that you couldn't without a saved version of you code. So it allows experiment and if it fails you can revert the previous version, without looking to delete everything that introduce a bug or a failed attempt.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

 
I want to use Git for programming to commit previous versions of my code in order to experiment with projects.